Usage: terraform [global options] graph [options]

  Produces a representation of the dependency graph between different
  objects in the current configuration and state.

  By default the graph shows a summary only of the relationships between
  resources in the configuration, since those are the main objects that
  have side-effects whose ordering is significant. You can generate more
  detailed graphs reflecting Terraform's actual evaluation strategy
  by specifying the -type=TYPE option to select an operation type.

  The graph is presented in the DOT language. The typical program that can
  read this format is GraphViz, but many web services are also available
  to read this format.

Options:

  -plan=tfplan        Render graph using the specified plan file instead of the
                      configuration in the current directory. Implies -type=apply.

  -draw-cycles        Highlight any cycles in the graph with colored edges.
                      This helps when diagnosing cycle errors. This option is
                      supported only when illustrating a real evaluation graph,
                      selected using the -type=TYPE option.

  -type=TYPE          Type of operation graph to output. Can be: plan,
                      plan-refresh-only, plan-destroy, or apply. By default
                      Terraform just summarizes the relationships between the
                      resources in your configuration, without any particular
                      operation in mind. Full operation graphs are more detailed
                      but therefore often harder to read.

  -module-depth=n     (deprecated) In prior versions of Terraform, specified the
                      depth of modules to show in the output.

  -var 'foo=bar'      Set a value for one of the input variables in the root
                      module of the configuration. Use this option more than
                      once to set more than one variable.

  -var-file=filename  Load variable values from the given file, in addition
                      to the default files terraform.tfvars and *.auto.tfvars.
                      Use this option more than once to include more than one
                      variables file.

  -format=FORMAT      Output format for the graph. Supported values are
                      dot (default) and mermaid.
