Usage: terraform [global options] validate [options]

  Validate the configuration files in a directory, referring only to the
  configuration and not accessing any remote services such as remote state,
  provider APIs, etc.

  Validate runs checks that verify whether a configuration is syntactically
  valid and internally consistent, regardless of any provided variables or
  existing state. It is thus primarily useful for general verification of
  reusable modules, including correctness of attribute names and value types.

  It is safe to run this command automatically, for example as a post-save
  check in a text editor or as a test step for a re-usable module in a CI
  system.

  Validation requires an initialized working directory with any referenced
  plugins and modules installed. To initialize a working directory for
  validation without accessing any configured remote backend, use:
      terraform init -backend=false

  To verify configuration in the context of a particular run (a particular
  target workspace, input variable values, etc), use the 'terraform plan'
  command instead, which includes an implied validation check.

Options:

  -json                 Produce output in a machine-readable JSON format, 
                        suitable for use in text editor integrations and other 
                        automated systems. Always disables color.

  -no-color             If specified, output won't contain any color.

  -no-tests             If specified, Terraform will not validate test files.

  -test-directory=path  Set the Terraform test directory, defaults to "tests".

  -query                If specified, the command will also validate .tfquery.hcl files.

  -var 'foo=bar'        Set a value for one of the input variables in the root
                        module of the configuration. Use this option more than
                        once to set more than one variable.

  -var-file=filename    Load variable values from the given file, in addition
                        to the default files terraform.tfvars and *.auto.tfvars.
                        Use this option more than once to include more than one
                        variables file.
