Usage: terraform [global options] test [options]

  Executes automated integration tests against the current Terraform
  configuration.

  Terraform will search for .tftest.hcl files within the current configuration
  and testing directories. Terraform will then execute the testing run blocks
  within any testing files in order, and verify conditional checks and
  assertions against the created infrastructure.

  This command creates real infrastructure and will attempt to clean up the
  testing infrastructure on completion. Monitor the output carefully to ensure
  this cleanup process is successful.

Options:

  -cloud-run=source     If specified, Terraform will execute this test run 
                        remotely using HCP Terraform or Terraform Enterprise. 
						You must specify the source of a module registered in 
						a private module registry as the argument to this flag. 
						This allows Terraform to associate the cloud run with 
						the correct HCP Terraform or Terraform Enterprise module 
						and organization.

  -filter=testfile      If specified, Terraform will only execute the test files
                        specified by this flag. You can use this option multiple
                        times to execute more than one test file.

  -json                 If specified, machine readable output will be printed in
                        JSON format

  -junit-xml=path       Saves a test report in JUnit XML format to the specified
                        file. This is currently incompatible with remote test
                        execution using the -cloud-run option. The file path
                        must be relative or absolute.

  -no-color             If specified, output won't contain any color.

  -parallelism=n        Limit the number of concurrent operations within the 
  						plan/apply operation of a test run. Defaults to 10.

  -test-directory=path	Set the Terraform test directory, defaults to "tests".

  -var 'foo=bar'        Set a value for one of the input variables in the root
                        module of the configuration. Use this option more than
                        once to set more than one variable.

  -var-file=filename    Load variable values from the given file, in addition
                        to the default files terraform.tfvars and *.auto.tfvars.
                        Use this option more than once to include more than one
                        variables file.

  -verbose              Print the plan or state for each test run block as it
                        executes.
