Usage: terraform [global options] init [options]

  Initialize a new or existing Terraform working directory by creating
  initial files, loading any remote state, downloading modules, etc.

  This is the first command that should be run for any new or existing
  Terraform configuration per machine. This sets up all the local data
  necessary to run Terraform that is typically not committed to version
  control.

  This command is always safe to run multiple times. Though subsequent runs
  may give errors, this command will never delete your configuration or
  state. Even so, if you have important information, please back it up prior
  to running this command, just in case.

Options:

  -backend=false          Disable backend or HCP Terraform initialization
                          for this configuration and use what was previously
                          initialized instead.

                          aliases: -cloud=false

  -backend-config=path    Configuration to be merged with what is in the
                          configuration file's 'backend' block. This can be
                          either a path to an HCL file with key/value
                          assignments (same format as terraform.tfvars) or a
                          'key=value' format, and can be specified multiple
                          times. The backend type must be in the configuration
                          itself.

  -force-copy             Suppress prompts about copying state data when
                          initializing a new state backend. This is
                          equivalent to providing a "yes" to all confirmation
                          prompts.

  -from-module=SOURCE     Copy the contents of the given module into the target
                          directory before initialization.

  -get=false              Disable downloading modules for this configuration.

  -input=false            Disable interactive prompts. Note that some actions may
                          require interactive prompts and will error if input is
                          disabled.

  -lock=false             Don't hold a state lock during backend migration.
                          This is dangerous if others might concurrently run
                          commands against the same workspace.

  -lock-timeout=0s        Duration to retry a state lock.

  -no-color               If specified, output won't contain any color.

  -json                   If specified, machine readable output will be
                          printed in JSON format.

  -plugin-dir             Directory containing plugin binaries. This overrides all
                          default search paths for plugins, and prevents the
                          automatic installation of plugins. This flag can be used
                          multiple times.

  -reconfigure            Reconfigure a backend, ignoring any saved
                          configuration.

  -migrate-state          Reconfigure a backend, and attempt to migrate any
                          existing state.

  -upgrade                Install the latest module and provider versions
                          allowed within configured constraints, overriding the
                          default behavior of selecting exactly the version
                          recorded in the dependency lockfile.

  -lockfile=MODE          Set a dependency lockfile mode.
                          Currently only "readonly" is valid.

  -ignore-remote-version  A rare option used for HCP Terraform and the remote backend
                          only. Set this to ignore checking that the local and remote
                          Terraform versions use compatible state representations, making
                          an operation proceed even when there is a potential mismatch.
                          See the documentation on configuring Terraform with
                          HCP Terraform or Terraform Enterprise for more information.

  -test-directory=path    Set the Terraform test directory, defaults to "tests".

  -var 'foo=bar'          Set a value for one of the input variables in the root
                          module of the configuration. Use this option more than
                          once to set more than one variable.

  -var-file=filename      Load variable values from the given file, in addition
                          to the default files terraform.tfvars and *.auto.tfvars.
                          Use this option more than once to include more than one
                          variables file.

  -enable-pluggable-state-storage-experiment [EXPERIMENTAL]
                          A flag to enable an alternative init command that allows use of
                          pluggable state storage. Only usable with experiments enabled.

  -state-provider-lock-file [EXPERIMENTAL]
                          Specifies a lock file Terraform should use to establish trust in 
                          a provider before initializing a state store for the first time.
                          Only usable when input is disabled through -input=false.
                          Only usable with experiments enabled and the
                          -enable-pluggable-state-storage-experiment flag present.
